Release 1.2.0b2 (#5725)
python-poetry/poetry: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 1.2.0b2 - 2022-06-07

### Added

- Added support for multiple-constraint direct origin dependencies with the same
  version ([#5715](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5715))
- Added support disabling TLS verification for custom package sources via `poetry config certificates.<repository>.cert false` ([#5719](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5719)

> - Added `virtualenvs.prompt` option to config ([#5606](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5606))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new configuration (`virtualenvs.prompt`) to customize the prompt of the Poetry-managed virtual environment ([#5606](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5606))
```

> - Added progress to `download_file` if in Indicator context ([#5451](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5451))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added progress indicator to `download_file` (used when downloading dists) ([#5451](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5451))
```

> - Added `--dry-run` to the `version` command ([#5603](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5603))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `--dry-run` to `poetry version` command ([#5603](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5603))
```

- Added `--why` to `poetry show` ([#5444](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5444))
- Added support for single page (html) repositories ([#5517](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5517))
- Added support for PEP 508 strings when adding

>   dependencies via the `add` command ([#5554](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5554))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dependencies via `poetry add` command ([#5554](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5554))
```

- Added `--no-cache` as a global option ([#5519](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5519))
- Added cert retrieval for HTTP requests made by Poetry ([#5320](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5320))

> - Added `--skip-existing` to `publish` command ([#2812](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/2812))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `--skip-existing` to `poetry publish` ([#2812](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/2812))
```

> - Added `--all-extras` to `install` command ([#5452](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5452))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `--all-extras` to `poetry install` ([#5452](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5452))
```

- Added new `poetry self` sub-commands to manage plugins and/or system environment packages, eg: keyring backends ([#5450](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5450))
- Added new configuration (`installer.no-binary`) to allow selection of non-binary distributions when installing a dependency ([#5609](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5609))

### Changed

> - Replaced `poetry plugin` commands are now deprecated, use the more generic `poetry self`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced `poetry plugin` commands are now deprecated in favor of the more generic `poetry self`
```

> - Replaced `poetry plugin` commands are now deprecated in favor of the more generic `poetry self`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `poetry plugin` commands are now deprecated in favor of the more generic `poetry self`
```

  commands ([#5450](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5450))

> - When creating new projects, Poetry no longer restricts README formats to `md` and `rst` ([#5357](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5357))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When creating new projects, Poetry no longer restricts README extensions to `md` and `rst` ([#5357](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5357))
```

- Changed the provider to allow fallback to installed packages ([#5704](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5704))
- Solver now correctly handles and prefers direct reference constraints (vcs, file etc.) over public version identifiers ([#5654](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5654))
- Changed the build script behavior to create an ephemeral build environment when a build script is
  specified ([#5401](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5401))

> - Improved performance when determining PEP-517 metadata from sources ([#5601](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5601))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved performance when determining PEP 517 metadata from sources ([#5601](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5601))
```

> - Project package sources no longer require to be redefined as global repositories when configuring credentials ([#5563](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5563))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project package sources no longer need to be redefined as global repositories when configuring credentials ([#5563](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5563))
```

> - Replaced system git command use with dulwich, in order to force the legacy behaviour set `experimental.system-git-client` configuration to `true` ([#5428](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5428))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced external git command use with dulwich, in order to force the legacy behaviour set `experimental.system-git-client` configuration to `true` ([#5428](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5428))
```

- Improved http request handling for sources and multiple paths on same netloc ([#5518](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5518))
- Made `no-pip` and `no-setuptools` configuration explicit ([#5455](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5455))
- Improved application logging, use of `-vv` now provides more debug information ([#5503](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5503))
- Renamed implicit group `default` to `main` ([#5465](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5465))

> - Replaced in-tree implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced in-tree implementation of `poetry export`
```

  with `poetry-plugin-export` ([#5413](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5413))
- Changed the password manager behavior to use a `"null"` keyring when
  disabled ([#5251](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5251))

> - Incremental improvement for Solver performance ([#5335](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5335))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incremental improvement of Solver performance ([#5335](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5335))
```

> - Virtual environments created on macOS now are excluded from Time Machine backups ([#4599](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/4599))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Newly created virtual environments on macOS now are excluded from Time Machine backups ([#4599](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/4599))
```

- Poetry no longer raises an exception when a package is not found on PyPI ([#5698](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5698))
- Update `packaging` dependency to use major version 21, this change forces Poetry to drop support for managing Python 2.7 environments ([#4749](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/4749))

### Fixed

- Fixed `poetry update --dry-run` to not modify `poetry.lock` ([#5718](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5718)
  , [#3666](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/3666)
  , [#3766](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/3766))
- Fixed [#5537](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/5537) where export fails to resolve dependencies with more than one
  path ([#5688](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5688))

> - Fixed an issue where environment variables, `POETRY_CONFIG_DIR` and `POETRY_CACHE_DIR`, were not being respected (

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the environment variables `POETRY_CONFIG_DIR` and `POETRY_CACHE_DIR` were not being respected (
```

- Fixed incorrect version selector constraint ([#5500](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5500))
- Fixed an issue where `poetry lock --no-update` dropped
  packages ([#5435](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5435))
- Fixed an issue where packages were incorrectly grouped when
  exporting ([#5156](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5156))
- Fixed an issue where lockfile always updates when using private
  sources ([#5362](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5362))
- Fixed an issue where the solver did not account for selected package features ([#5305](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5305))
- Fixed an issue with console script execution of editable dependencies on Windows ([#3339](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/3339))
- Fixed an issue where editable builder did not write PEP-610 metadata ([#5703](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5703))
- Fixed an issue where Poetry 1.1 lock files were incorrectly identified as not fresh ([#5458](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5458))

### Docs

- Updated plugin management commands ([#5450](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5450))

> - Added `--readme` flag to documentation ([#5357](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5357))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `--readme` flag to documentation ([#5357](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5357))
```

- Added example for multiple maintainers ([#5661](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5661))
- Updated documentation for issues #4800, #3709, #3573, #2211 and PR
  #2414 ([#5656](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5656))
- Added `poetry.toml` note in configuration ([#5492](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5492))

> - CLI: Added `about`, `help`, `list`, `--full-path`, `--all`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation for `poetry about`, `poetry help`, `poetrylist`, and the `--full-path` and `--all` options
```

  documentation ([#5664](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5664))
- Added more clarification to the `--why` flag ([#5653](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5653))

> - Updated documentation to refer to PowerShell for Windows, incl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated documentation to refer to PowerShell for Windows, including
```

  instructions ([#3978](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/3978)
  , [#5618](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5618))

> - Added PEP-508 name requirement ([#5642](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5642))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added PEP 508 name requirement ([#5642](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5642))
```

- Added example for each section of pyproject.toml ([#5585](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5642))
- Added documentation for `--local` to fix issue #5623 ([#5629](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5629))
- Added troubleshooting documentation for using proper quotation with
  ZSH ([#4847](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/4847))
- Added information on git and basic http auth ([#5578](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5578))

> - Removed ambiguity about pep440 and semver ([#5576](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5576))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed ambiguity about PEP 440 and semver ([#5576](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5576))
```

- Removed Pipenv comparison ([#5561](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5561))
- Improved dependency group related documentation ([#5338](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5338))
- Added documentation for default directories used by Poetry ([#5391](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5301))
- Added warning about credentials preserved in shell history ([#5726](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5726))

> - Improved documentation for project readme file configuration for multiple files and additional formats ([#5158](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5158))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved documentation of the `readme` option, including multiple files and additional formats ([#5158](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5158))
```

- Fixed #5682 by not raising a 404 exception when using private repository ([#5698](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5698))
- Fixed #5537 where export fails to resolve dependencies with more than one path ([#5688](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5688))
- Fixed #2445 and #5301 where environment variables, `POETRY_CONFIG_DIR` and `POETRY_CACHE_DIR`, are respected (#[5672](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5672))
- Fixed more `truthy-bool` mypy warnings ([#5667](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5667))
- Fixed #3628 and #4702 by handling invalid distributions gracefully ([#5645](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5645))

### Added

- Added support for multiple-constraint direct origin dependencies with the same version ([#5715](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5715))
- Added support for `bool` values for TLS certificate verification of repositories ([#5719](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5719)
- Added PEP-610 metadata for editable builds ([#5703](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5703))
- Added `virtualenvs.prompt` option to config ([#5606](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5606))

> - Added @radoering to list of maintainers 🎉 ([#5632](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5632))

Reviewer 2: That actually added everyone from the core team as the `maintainers` list wasn't there before.

Author: ah yea I noticed that later as I was going down the commits list: https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5725/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR55
